This folder holds an integrated version of all current files that will run on the PC.

05/03/2017:

A main class, called SystemControl, has been created to essentially run a mock version of
the program. Currently, there is no communication infrastructure, but how components are
integrated will still, mostly, remain the same.

As of writing, the following has been successfully integrated:

Job selection and Route-Planning - In SystemControl, the job selection classes are called,
and a list of every job is ran through (starting with the one that yields the highest
reward), and they are divvied up into viable weights, utilising Jerry's code. Then, the 
picks of a job are iterated through, and, for each one, the location of the pick is used
in the constructor of Csongor's route-planning classes, thus integrating the two.

Route-planning and Route Execution - In the current pick, Csongor's route-planning code 
calculates the fastest route to that pick, using A*. This solution is stored as an list
of Directions, an enumarated type in helper_classes, that is created through integration
code that converts changes in coordinates, through the general Location class, to the
equivalent direction. For example, moving from [0,0] to [1,0] is portrayed as moving
RIGHT. This list is received by Tom's route execution code, which, using subsumption
architecture, runs through the list until the path is complete. Each move references to a
separate project of classes that will run on the robot, that say which direction to go,
and adjust the robot's pose.

More will soon be integrated, such as Vainas' warehouse management interface and robot
interface code. For example, after every move of the robot, Tom's code will have to
integrate with Vainas' code to update where the robot is on the GUI map. Moreover, 
communication code from Kimberly will be used to connect the two projects, so that it
can successfully run.

Currently, this integration has kept only one robot in mind, but adding extra ones should
not require major upheaval of the code.